React State 2: Conditional useState Challenge (#166)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/react-state-2/conditional-usestate/README.md

# React State 2: Conditional useState

> If you try to render this challenge in the browser, you won't see the app, but an eslint error regarding the `useState` hook being conditionally rendered.

Reviewer: I was a bit irritated because the App was rendered in the browser. It wasn't clear the error occurs after clicking the button.

```suggestion
Click the button "Show Message" to render a hidden message to the UI. The App will crash because there is a bug in the code. You won't see the hidden message, but an eslint error regarding the `useState` hook being conditionally rendered.
```

> Click the button "Show Message" to render a hidden message to the UI. The App will crash because there is a bug in the code. You won't see the hidden message, but an eslint error regarding the `useState` hook being conditionally rendered.

Reviewer: After reading it twice: it's actually not an eslint error. The eslint error is displayed in the editor. This is an error message provided by react beacuse the app crashed.

```suggestion
Click the button "Show Message" to render a hidden message to the UI. The App will crash because there is a bug in the code. You won't see the hidden message, but an error regarding the `useState` hook being conditionally rendered.
```
